# cover-letter
Dear Future Employer,
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Please consider my application for the Junior Developer opportunity. I have been a personal user of Ableton for close to ten years and it has changed my life. I believe that expressing ones self is an integral part of being a human. With your simple yet sophisticated application people across the world have an opportunity to create and express themselves. As a software engineer, I have a thorough understanding of technology’s ability to improve peoples lives. I have been passionate about music my entire life, and have used DAWs since I was a young teenager.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have a background in hospitality, management and marketing, and recently completed a Full Stack Web Development immersive program. There I built multiple full stack apps, worked with clients on a dev team, and continue to make contributions to open source software. My most recent project MixMate is a mix making web app that helps users organize timestamps from songs they have heard on the web and uses an external API to to identify songs. I built this as a tool for myself, but believe many people with a passion for music will find it quite useful.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My expertise in Python and JavaScript full stack development will make me an excellent candidate for this role, as well as my passion for music and personal experience with Ableton. I look forward to learning more about the role and discussing my background in more detail.<br>
Best,<br>
Carl Corsini
